mutti me before me may beauty be above
me
may beauty be all around me to dr.
Reynolds folks the youngest head of a
section is surgery you will
remember your friends
dr. Michael Reynolds and everything a
man good warrant his patient should be
down in pediatrics theatrics sent him
off they can't handle it know is that
he's a killer until he crossed paths
with a criminal you look let me become
an errand boys who had nothing to lose I
gave him one maybe two months looking
still looking good now
he's become a prisoner what's the
problem and a desperate escape right now
there is a man under way for you and me
my friend
don't flatter yourself man we're talking
about you two on Good Morning America
yep television no smoke signals you need
to be in a hospital I mean more than
that there's this magic link on top of
this mountain if you swim in its waters
it'll take away all your sickness
you're joking right you think because
you saw some picture it's some thought
that you're just gonna pull up in front
of it like it's Disneyland something
calling any man your mind ain't in tune
to your heart from Academy award-winning
director Michael Cimino comes a story of
one man's dream for you is probably
nothing out there but to the Navajo
Nation
it is a dwelling place for the spirits
that gave another a reason to believe
don't go there unless you prepared to
this
but gay we defined a sacred now if I God
we're gonna find it I'm gonna fight
first year date
woody harrelson Jon seda the beauty
before me
may beauty be above me may beauty be all
around me
the Sun chaser
you